6
At the dinner table, 阿笠博士asked the young master and the Lord why they have been living in the castle since the fire.
They both give their own reasons, 
while the eldest lady on the other side of the table says contemptuously that they stay here only for the treasure left by the Grand Lord.
(Here the eldest lady mentioned again that she had to wait for the wife to come back) 
步美 asks the maid for a plastic bag and says she will give him something to eat when she finds Conan. 
The Lord discovers Conan's disappearance and raises his concerns. Two years ago, a servant starved to death in the forest, 
and the rumors among the people was that the hatred of the dead wife killed him.
No trace of Conan was found in the castle or in the courtyard,
and there was no sign of anyone entering or leaving the entrance of the tower. Since it was raining heavily at this time, 
everyone decided to call the police the next day and wait for the police to search and rescue. 
--------------------------------------
7
Back in the hall, 小哀 tells the Doctor that Conan is likely to have been killed. 
(At this time, the mysterious person overhead  in the shadows and later stalked阿笠博士)
------------------------------------
8
阿笠博士is attracted by the noise when he is about to make a phone call in the hallway.
Then he walks to the source to find Conan's hat, which still has blood on it.
At this time, a secret door on the wall next to him opened. Driven by curiosity ,阿笠博士 walked in, 
and was knocked unconscious from behind by a mysterious person before the secret door closed. 
小哀 came to find that the doctor had also disappeared. 
When 小哀 tried to call the police, the Lord came over. To not to raise suspicious, 
she hung up the phone and went back to the room with the others.
----------------------------------------
9
阿笠博士 did returned to the room, 小哀 though that the doctor was killed, so he conducted an investigation at night,
and the other partners secretly followed up and were found by Xiao Mo. As a matter of fact, they investigated together 
and returned to the room where Conan disappeared during the day. 小哀opened the secret door with the same way Conan did, 
and the party entered. They found blood stains while they exploring downwards. 
On a staircase, 光彦 found a series of inscription from long time ago, which says, 
"That person has now taken my place and wants to rob the trea of the castle." 
The last word was not written, as if he wanted to write the treasure of the hidden word. 
小哀deduces that the person who carved the letter dead here,
and Conan was probably killed here when he was attracted to the attention of the corpse. 
At this time, 元太found a pair of glasses next to him, as if it were the doctor's. 
They then walk in to a wall, but it turned out to be the secret door. 
光彦，步美和小哀 fall out, which is where the doctor disappeared at the time (next to the telephone). 
The secret door is closed, and it cannot be opened from the outside. 
元太did not come out and was attacked by a mysterious person. 
When the rest tried to re-enter through the entrance, the secret door was sealed.
小哀 deduced that someone was stalking and trying to catch them, but they happened to be walked out of the dark room.

----------------------------------
10
While 步美 and 小哀 are investigating in a room, 光彦finds Conan's glasses not far from the door of the room. At this time, the entrance of the tower that had caught fire in the distance heard the sound of heavy doors opening. Here, 小哀 found a newspaper report of a fire four years earlier, which said that fifteen people had died in the fire, the fire had violently burned everyone to ashes, and the determination of the remains could only be determined by the item they carried, and only one of them was missing. (He must have swapped himself with someone through the fire) When 步美and 小哀 came out again, 光彦 had already disappear. So 小哀 decided to enter the tower first to find 光彦, and instructed 步美 to run away if she did not come out within three hundred seconds. 步美 was eager to find her companions, but did not run away, and also entered the tower where the fire was on fire.
----------------------------------
11
Inside the tower, 步美 mistakenly enters a toilet and locks the door. At this time, there was a frequent knock on the door, and the door that was being tried to be violently opened let 步美 know that it was not her companion outside the door. Fortunately, Xiao Wei, who was hiding inside a secret door, appeared in time and saved Bumi before the mysterious person open the door, and was not discovered.
--------------------------------
12
Xiao Ai and Bu Mei climbed down a ladder to an underground passage and found a skeleton with some years of age. Judging from the dust that had accumulated above, it hadn't been here for long, and it seemed that it was this person who had carved the words on the stairs before. This was most likely discovered by Conan before being moved to this place by the Mysterious person. The skeleton's foot bones looked thinner than the rest of the body, and the teeth were lost, and judging by the length of the hair, it should be a woman. The person who changed the identity of the skeleton may be the murderer. At this time, the eldest lady appeared and asked with concern where the other little friend who was with them went, and when Bumi was still trying to take the eldest lady to hide from the mysterious person, the little lailai began to flee, explaining that from all aspects of the skeleton, this was probably the body of the eldest lady, and the people who had just killed the eldest wife and groomed her into the appearance of the eldest wife, when they encountered the details, they pretended to have a bad memory, she was the one who set fire to the murderer that day, and finally found that there was no way to deceive the eldest wife's own daughter before setting fire to kill. It is not impossible to know this underground passage and come back after setting fire to kill people.
-----------------------------------
13
The end of the underground passage leads directly to the hall of the castle, and the gangsters prepare to kill Xiao Wai and Bu Mei after her plot is discovered, and when the gangster's iron rod is about to hit Xiao Wai and Bu Mei, a flying can knocks out the gangster's murder weapon. It was Conan who saved them, this time thanks to Mitsuhiko using the tracking function of the glasses he had picked up, conan and Motota. At this time, the doctor appears, and through his friendship with a plastic surgeon abroad, he discovers the true identity of the eldest wife, miss Mutsumi Nishikawa, a former housekeeper whose whereabouts are unknown. The plastic surgeon said there was a strange guest who asked to make herself a strange old woman. When Mutsumi Nishikawa thought that everyone had seen the skeleton to deduce his identity, Conan said that there was no corpse that could be judged, because the eldest wife, who had lived in the castle for the past ten years, and had not even traveled once, would certainly not know the size of the passport, and it was really not expected that Nishikawa Mumi would go abroad several times to carry out expensive maintenance work for this face.

Mumi Nishikawa is about to escape, but Conan claims to have found the treasure of the castle, much to Nishikawa's unconcealed shock. The Western chessboard is represented by the numbers one to eight and the letters A to H, so watching the chessboard is the correct from the direction of the knight. From this direction, reading the white pieces in order is "EGG HEAD". Referring to the intellectuals who can only say some perverse reasoning, the answer is that he himself thinks of this secret code, and then only rotates the painting of the great master counterclockwise in the direction of the black chess pieces, and the entrance to the secret passage will appear.
-----------------------------------
14
After entering the secret passage and climbing up to reach the top of the tower, Nishikawa excitedly opened the door where light came out of the crack of the door, and she was greeted by the castle's best view and the most beautiful viewing position. While Nishikawa was still clinging to the treasure, Conan prompted Nishikawa to see a message on the door. "I would like to give this castle and this scene to the first person who find it." Nishikawa was distraught and unable to accept the facts, and an hour later the police took away the man who had truly become an old woman.
